what's up what's up what's up my name's
Dana aka lady bak Diddy I'm 23 years old
started dancing in New York dance
through September 2012 my main styles
are hip-hop rock and pop it
hello my name is marina and I'm 13 years
old I started dancing your dance crew in
February 2013 and my main style are
popping and vocal acting come on name is
Johanna I'm 18 years old and my main
styles are jazz contemporary and Street
just filled up I'm 21 years old
I've been dancing a new dance crew since
September 2012 my main styles are
popping a little wacky hi everyone my
name is Jackie you can call me Jackie
and I'm 20 years old and I've been a
member of new entrance in summer 2012
and my main styles are thumping dance
called breaking hi my name is Eleanor
I'm 22 years old and I've been dancing
in the streets in summer 2012 and my
main styles are boogie waxing lyrical
hip-hop and Street and I'm 21 years old
I started and my brain starts working
and get us to litter hi my name is
Ursula and I've been dancing with the
crew for almost one year now my main
styles is house that's all poppin and
poking whacking and I need two years old
hi my name is Nina I'm 21 years old
I had joined the New York Times
in spring 2003 and my main stylist he
just started New York that's food this
main stacks of hip hop breakdance and
release time my main style supposed to
break that hip hop from dubstep David
hey y'all my name is Mikael I'm 28 years
old I'm the founder / teacher of New
York thanks to New York dance school was
found in 2012